Mantra Mesmer|2,3 BHK at Keshav Nagar, Pune
ENQUIRE NOW
×
ENQUIRE NOW
I authorize representatives of 360 Realtors LLP company to Call, SMS, Email or WhatsApp me about its products and offers. This consent overrides any registration for DNC/NDNC
SUBMIT
01
03
Mantra Mesmer
Keshav Nagar , Pune
2 & 3 BHK ,
                     Residential Apartments
Starting at just
Rs.
72 Lac to 1.30 Cr *
Project RERA:-  P52100030387,P52100030590
RERA WEBSITE :
https://maharera.maharashtra.gov.in/
Overview
Mantra Mesmer
Mantra Mesmer presents elegant residential apartments in Pune

	If you are looking for an elegant apartment in Pune, check out Mantra Mesmer. Developed in Keshav Nagar, one of the most sought-after localities for residents, this project comes with 2 and 3 BHK apartments. These homes are loaded with modern amenities, and you will appreciate the elevated standard of living in the estate. With adequate security facilities and lifestyle amenities in the project, you can cherish the happening lifestyle.

	Residing in Pune brings you an alluring lifestyle, with a well-developed social infrastructure around your home. For residents, commercial opportunities are plenty, which makes it a popular locality among working professionals. No wonder, the property price at Mantra Mesmer Pune will be rising in the coming years. Investing early in the project, you can benefit from the property value appreciation in the coming months.

	The project comes with a large clubhouse, where residents of
Read More
Mantra Mesmer presents elegant residential apartments in Pune
If you are looking for an elegant apartment in Pune, check out
Mantra Mesmer
. Developed in Keshav Nagar, one of the most sought-after localities for residents, this project comes with 2 and 3 BHK apartments. These homes are loaded with modern amenities, and you will appreciate the elevated standard of living in the estate. With adequate security facilities and lifestyle amenities in the project, you can cherish the happening lifestyle.
Residing in Pune brings you an alluring lifestyle, with a well-developed social infrastructure around your home. For residents, commercial opportunities are plenty, which makes it a popular locality among working professionals. No wonder, the property price at
Mantra Mesmer Pune
will be rising in the coming years. Investing early in the project, you can benefit from the property value appreciation in the coming months.
The project comes with a large clubhouse, where residents of all age groups can engage in activities appealing to their interests. The estate comes with indoor and outdoor games, a swimming pool, a gym, play areas for kids, and green zones. The apartments are spacious and receive uninterrupted power and water backup. The developers have integrated adequate car parking space into the project. In the multipurpose hall, you can host meetings and events. In the jogging track, you can maintain your fitness without travelling far from your home.
Thanks to the strategic
Mantra Mesmer location
, residents can get across to the places of interest around the city with ease. Pune has a strong transportation system, which makes it easy to navigate to different parts of the city with ease. You can also reach your workplace in a quick time from these homes. Some of the prominent academic institutions around the estate include The Bishop’s School and City International School. Among reputed healthcare institutions around the complex include Medipoint Hospital and Columbia Asia. One can also reach the Seasons Mall and Amanora Town Center from these homes in quick time. Other prominent commercial zones around the project include EON IT Park and the World Trade Center. Prominent localities like Magarpatta are easily accessible from these homes.
Investors and residents willing to purchase one of these elegant apartments should reach out to 360 Realtors. This is a reputed channel partner of this project and the experts can comprehensively assist you while you purchase the property.
Read Less
Highlights
Life how you like it
RCC Structure With Earthquake Resistant Frame.
Shear Wall.
Gypsum/POP Finish For Wall At Internal Side.
Sand Faced Plaster For Exterior Surface.
OBD Paint.
Concealed Internal Electrical Wiring.
Modular Laminated Wooden Door Frames Europa Or Equivalent Safety Locks.
Premium ISI Mark C.P. Fittings - Jaquar Or Equivalent.
MS Railing Fittings As Per The Requirement.
8 Passenger & 13 Passenger Lifts – Johnson Or Equivalent.
CCTV Cameras For Security
Security Cabin
Boom Barriers.
100% Power Back Up For Common Areas And Lift.
Amenities
The perfect Amenities
Clubhouse
Indoor Games
Swimming Pool
Open Space
Power Backup
24 Hour Water Supply
Car Parking
Vastu Compliant
Multipurpose Hall
Lift
24X7 Security
Earthquake-Resistant
Jogging Track
Maintenance Staff
Floor Plan
Master & Floor Plan
2 BHK
View
3 BHK
View
3 BHK Duplex
View
Price
Price List
72.00 Lac*  Onwards
2 BHK
Price Breakup
1.00 Cr*  Onwards
3 BHK
Price Breakup
1.30 Cr*  Onwards
3 BHK Duplex
Price Breakup
LOCATION ADVANTAGES
Easy access to arterial roads
20 Min
The Bishop’s School - 20 Min
20 Min
City International - 20 Min
10 Min
Seasons Mall - 10 Min
10 Min
Amanora Town Center - 10 Min
10 Min
Columbia Asia - 10 Min
10 Min
Medipoint Hospital - 10 Min
5 Min
EON IT Park - 5 Min
5 Min
World Trade Center - 5 Min
10 Min
Magarpatta - 10 Min
View Location
Gallery
Project Gallery
ENQUIRE NOW
Drop us a message and
we'll get in
                     touch
I authorize representatives of 360 Realtors LLP company to Call, SMS, Email or WhatsApp me about its products and offers. This consent overrides any registration for DNC/NDNC
SUBMIT
Privacy Policy
|
Term & Condition